UPDATE WL: I messed around with the delete a twixnote code and broke it.  But sometime tomorrow you will be able to have MyTwixnote.delete() in javascript have have it delete the note.

UPDATE WL: I forgot to mention that the search function will save the new Twixnote.

UPDATE: I made a js method searchTwixnote(search_term).  It will return an object
(I think it's a twixnote object)
with a name and frequency.  The name is the same as the search term and the frequency is the
tweets per second.  now it just puts these to the console, but you can put something
in the sucess function to make a new twixnote.


I think I have all the create and destroy stuff in the controllers that we'll need.

There is a function in the scripts.jsthat will save a twixnote in the DB, but you need to 
refresh the page to see it happen. 

To delete a twixnote you'll need a form with a delete button it in.  I'm not sure how to make
and AJAX request to delete something.  There is a sample form on the twixingboard SHOW view.


Delete form button :

<form action="/twixingboards/<%= @twixingboard.id %>/twixnotes/<%= twixnote.id %>" method="post">
<%= token_tag %>
<input type="hidden" name="_method" value="delete">
<button class="delete-btn" id="<%= twixnote.id %>">delete</button>
</form>

UPDATE: I made a js function that might delete a twixnote, but I haven't tested it.

All the action is in the twixingboards SHOW view.  That's the page where the twixingboard will go.  So work with that view and with the scripts file to do your work.

Right now the search is all on the rails end.  It finds the hashtag, calculates the frequency and returns a @results array.  @results[0] is the name and @results[1] is the frequency.

When the user comes back to the twingboard, Rails will build the page with their saved twixnotes.  You'll need to implement some javascript to add newly searched twixnotes to the page.  When you save them, they are saved to the DB, but the page needs to be refreshed before they appear.  

See my comments in the twixingboard SHOW view and the scripts. js files





* Ruby version
ruby 2.1.1p76

* Rails version
Rails 4.1.1

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions






